Problem 1: 
An electronics company sees a 13% increase in sales from the previous year, making 
27% more profit than the previous year. Write a program that takes the company’s 
previous year’s sales and profit as inputs and outputs the increase in sales and profit from 
the previous year.

Problem 2: 
You want a fast way to determine the true "per bite" value of a pizza given its price 
and diameter. For example: Is a 9-inch diameter pizza that costs PHP 319.00 a better 
buy than 12-inch diameter pizza priced at PHP 499.00? Which one costs less per 
square inch? 
You want a program that you could run once for each pizza that you are considering. 
The program would ask for the necessary data about a pizza and then calculate and 
display that pizza's value in units of "cents per square inch".

Problem 3: 
Seconds to Minutes.

Problem 4:
Write a program that reads in a number, computes the square root and the square of that number 
and finally outputs all three values: the input number, 
the square root and the square of the number 

Problem 5:
Temperature, Celsius to Fahrenheit

Problem 6:
Write a value-returning function named convertBinaryToDecimal that takes a binary 
number and returns its decimal equivalent. The decimal equivalent of binary 1101 is 13. 
Embed the function in a program. 

Problem 7:
Write a value-returning function named getFibonacciNumber that takes a positive 
integer (say n) and returns the nth Fibonacci number. By definition, the first two numbers 
in the Fibonacci sequence are 0 and 1, and each subsequent number is the sum of the 
previous two. So, if the input is 10, the output is 34. Embed the function in a program.

Problem 8:
Write a program that mimics a calculator. The program should take as input two integers 
and the operation to be performed. It should then output the numbers, the operator, and 
the result. (For division, if the denominator is zero, output an appropriate message.). 
Some sample output follows: 
Sample Output #1: 
Input an integer, an operator, and another integer: 3 + 4 
3 + 4 = 7 
Sample Output #2: 
Input an integer, an operator, and another integer: 12 / 5 
12 / 5 = 2.4

Problem 9: 
Write a program that reads in a whole number and outputs a statement telling whether or 
not the number is evenly divisible by three. If the number is not divisible by three, then 
the program should also output the remainder obtained when the number is divided by 
three. 
Sample Output #1: 
Input a positive integer: 18 
18 is evenly divisible by three 
Sample Output #2: 
Input a positive integer: 29 
29 is not evenly divisible by three 
Remainder = 2

Problem 10:
Write a program that reads in three distinct integers and outputs the largest number. 

Problem 11:
Real estate

Problem 12:
Vending Machine

Problem 13:
Student Grade

Problem 14:
Calculator

Problem 15:
Phone bill

Problem 16:
Write a program that inputs 10 integers into an array, asks for a number to be searched 
in the array, and returns the frequency of that number. The program should have two 
user-defined functions: (1) a void function that inputs data into the array, and (2) a function 
that returns the frequency of the number being searched.

Problem 17:
ugh!
